feat(Turborepo): Use package terminology (and do version bumps) (#6621)
vercel/turbo: packages/turbo-repository/README.md

for the JS API.

This package contains scripts to build dev and release versions. `pnpm build && pnpm package` will build and package a dev version of the native library for `darwin-arm64`, or you can pass an additional argument for a specific target. `pnpm build:release` will build a release version of the library

# Publishing

> There is now a version bump script in [bump-version.sh](./scripts/bump-version.sh). Passing it the new version will bump the metapackage version, as well as the optional dependencies list and native packages.

Reviewer: consistent with above

```suggestion
There is now a version bump script in [bump-version.sh](./scripts/bump-version.sh). Passing it the new version will bump the meta package version, as well as the optional dependencies list and native packages.
```
